# PorTTRguese | Portuguese textures for [Toontown Rewritten](https://toontownrewritten.com/)
As someone who is a native English speaker knowing that it is one of the most popular languages in the world, I sometimes find myself feeling a little bit guilty that I get to enjoy my favourite childhood game (Toontown Rewritten) in its entirety, knowing every word is readable and understandable to me. Disney's Toontown Online released in multiple languages, and a friend of mine who happens to be from Brazil explained that her native language is Portuguese, and that she learned English in her free time. I couldn't imagine myself learning another language, to be honest. I'm not that smart.

Knowing that Toontown Online had a Portuguese server accessible to Portuguese speaking countries like Portugal and Brazil, I decided to put together a small pack that aims to localise any textures in-game that contain English words, using primarily resources available to the public (be it the [Spotify leak](https://github.com/satire6/Spotify), or [Sunrise Games](https://sunrise.games/)' TTO Brazil server) in order to help give a more homely feel to people from these countries. I personally feel it would be nice to see some acknowledgement towards my language if I had to play a reboot of a game I enjoyed as a child in a language I did not understand.

As it stands, a majority of the textures have been dealt with. Pretty much everything currently featured in this pack is sourced from the Spotify leak or Sunrise Games' TTO Brazil server. Street maps have also been accounted for, something that the original Portuguese release of Toontown Online never even got given. This pack also features the old "Question" sound effect that Cogs use, and also replaces the iconic Cog "VT Portable Remington" font with what was used in the Brazil TTO server - a font called "HGHanKointai". I may consider making the font and Cog "Question" sound effect an add-on rather than something included in the base pack at a later date.

Currently the textures featured on the Cog Disguises page in the Shticker Book have not been modified as their texture files are a little bit more difficult to work with and would take more time to get right. Once I get the chance, I will look into doing these as well. I have also considered attempting to edit some of the TTR-made textures such as the Silly Reader GUI from 2019 and the Battle Menu they revamped back in 2021, but I am not an artist so this is not something I'm all too comfortable doing, but I may give it a shot eventually.

By no means am I an artist, so a lot of this work is done with the little knowledge and capability that I have. I would absolutely love to be able to replace a bunch of the new TTR-made textures with custom ones to account for the Portuguese language, however I am not capable of doing so. If you would like to contribute, please don't hestiate to reach out. I'd love to expand this pack.

Thanks for reading.
